TODO Next Time

Choose total number of musics and sounds, and create temporary versions for testing
(change later)

menu mus
options mus
game mus

select snd 	- selecting inventory or interacting sometimes
fail snd	- unable to use item, etc
locked snd	- cannot open (doors, elec box)
pickup snd	- item pickyp
win snd 	- cheering or whatever for winning
stair snd	- sound of walking up stairs (record here)
death snd	- sound of chara dying? (simple scream or specific for elev and elec?)
elev_ding	- when it appears on floor 4
elev_doors	- when using normally (into loading screen)
code snd	- when openning the elec box (sound of screws dropping?)

(order:
	"select",
            "fail",
            "locked",
            "pickup",
            "stair",
            "elev_ding",
            "elev_doors",
            "code",
            "win",
            "death"};
)


sound code for elevator/death, changing death messages
stop music on death/win

make music then test runthrough of muse

win screen

elevator on floor 4th should be okay when used outside of floor 4 once?

change how joysticks work when out of range?

move note on floor 4, other side? OR keep hidden, in questionaires it will be reported, then report how i didnt notice as i would skip it myself in testing since i knew

comp in reception, sofas on side? rug?

door knobs lower, or make door overall shorter(compare with recption), reception lower
OR heighten chara?







double sound effect from image in options








for 2nd puzzle,
can see electrical box, but cant open
goto 1st floor and get screw driver and open the one on 1st floor, needs a code
goto 2nd floor, when opened, theres a small note
it reads: Hey it's Steve. If you need to reset the power, just watchout, the machines been acting a little weird and keeps giving the wrong code. You can get the master code from Dave's desk. I think he's on this floor?
the note will give the right code




make pause menu nicer? (white boarder around menu)

!!Keep options as is, passing the volume and sound. Not only does this allow us to change the volume of certain music/ sound (e.g. decreasing music for certain sound/ voice) but it is also generally better to not rely on singletons (could research for report?)

Continue writing up about anything at any time (even on phone/ laptop)




For a simpler? version, only do floors g,1,2,3,4. This gives  the game a chance to have the start, showing off moving in a 3d environment on phone and stuff, and allows simple puzzles, like collecting keycards.
This version would have:

Collect key 1 from desk to go to floor 4
See elevator go live on floor 4 but don't enter
Go to floor 3, use elevator to go to floor 2
get key 2, go to floor 1
get screwdriver from floor 1
go to floor 2 and use on electrics to get code
go to floor 1, input code
go to floor g
walk out

:. 2 key cards, 1 screwdriver
note on 4th floor elev (simple overlay when looking at it?)
have selecting objects (screwdriver) from inventory to then use
Interact with doors, items, stairs - pickup items, when looking at door or elev, click interact, pauses game and has buttons for where to go
game over screen (ui overlay saying game over, and return to menu)
win screen (saying congratulations and return to menu)
sound for picking up items, successful interactions
1 music, unless want more




Write up topics

Text Buffer

Changing floors

assets under drawable, cant separate, so use stuff like img_ to sep from object textures

compatibility, creating for higher api levels, different phones, cant run an intensive app on an old phone, using higher api for more features

about making a whole game by myself, setting uvs, making models, music, etc

creating a numpad

testing on emulator, limitations, mostly for screen testing?

low memory and being efficient



For testing or when completed

Talk about testing the code during development
Testing the code post development
Testing with other people, recording their thoughts and stuff, and what I can learn from it
All the topics ive talked about in Stuff
Changes to shorten the game to fit the deadline
About keeping to schedule and changes to that, refer to interim
Creating the game by starting on other stuff instead of game, talk about games jams and how should be working on the game and not the extras, talk about being a perfectionist?
what i did when i had problems, searching online for help, tutorials or forums?
focusing mostly on game engine, when creating actual game, was actual fairly quick due to created architecture, adding in objects takes a few line, new textures or buttons are also quick, basically all about that game engine
